Add a note on how navigation.navigate()'s url parameter is resolved. (#26993)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/navigation/navigate/index.md

### Parameters

- `url`

>   - : The destination URL to navigate to. Note that when calling `navigate()` on a another window's `navigation` object, the URL will be resolved relative to the target window's URL, not the calling window's URL. This matching the behavior of {{domxref("History_API", "the History API")}}, but not the behavior of the {{domxref("Location", "the location API")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The destination URL to navigate to. Note that when calling `navigate()` on a another window's `navigation` object, the URL will be resolved relative to the target window's URL, not the calling window's URL. This matches the behavior of the [History API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/History_API), but not the behavior of the [Location API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Location).
```
